[Review needed] Create 03-2021-CW21LT.md (#1769)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: conferences/abstracts/2021-03-CW21LT.md

> # Submitting a Lightning Talk Abstract on the Activism Chapter in the Ethics Book to SSIs Collaborations Workshop 2021 

Reviewer: Add the following details on the top 

```
# Collaboration Workshop 2021

* Website: https://www.software.ac.uk/cw21
* Location: Online
* Date: 30 March - 01 April 2021

## Authors
Arielle Bennette

## Session collaborators
Laura Carter
```

## Lightning talk title
*For example, the name of the project, initiative or topic you want to present. 
If you want to use a lightning talk slot to introduce yourself and your work, then the title can simply be your full name!*

Introducing the Activism Chapter of the _Turing Way Guide to Ethical Research_. 

## Lightning talk abstract
*Just 2-3 sentences to add context to your lightning talk title in Question 4. This will not be published anywhere, but will help us to review your submission.*

> There are many different scenarios where scientists and researchers would engage in activism to achieve change, such as increasing ethical standards of research, improving working conditions, or tackling systemic inequalities. 
> Scientists may engage in activism across topics related to their work, institutions, fields, cross-disciplinary issues such as open research, or on topics unrelated to their career.
> However, there are limited guides accessible to those who would like to achieve change but are unsure where to begin, which the latest chapter of the _Turing Way Guide to Ethical Research_ seeks to offer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many circumstances where researchers engage in activism to achieve scientific and structural change, such as maintaining ethical standards in research, advocating for human rights, improving working conditions, or tackling systemic inequalities. 
In fact, we all can engage in activism across topics related to our work, institutions, research practices, cross-disciplinary issues such as open research, workplace policy or on topics unrelated to their career.
However, there are limited accessible resources that provide guidance on how to lead or participate in civic activism, leaving people unsure of where to begin.
In this lightning talk, I would introduce the latest chapter "Activism for Researchers" in the _Turing Way Guide for Ethical Research_ and invite contributions in the form of examples, case studies and feedback.
```

This chapter welcomes additional contributions and case studies as it continues to expand to include examples of data science and tech activism from across the globe. 

> You can find the Activism Chapter here: URL TO FOLLOW 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the Activism Chapter here: https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/ethical-research/activism.html
```
